The Double Down Triple Crown presented by RACEXR.COM will reward Super Late Model racers who attend and compete at previous events promoted by X.CELERATED including the Bristol Dirt Nationals from Bristol Motor Speedway March 19-20 and the Texas Dirt Nationals from Texas Motor Speedway Dirt Track on September 17-18.
 
**Download File ✒ ✒ ✒ [https://amreamate.blogspot.com/?d=2A0SNz](https://amreamate.blogspot.com/?d=2A0SNz)**


 
Like the 23 previous editions, the Duel in the Desert will continue to feature the IMCA Modifieds, Northern Sportmods, and Stock Cars. The format will be adjusted to closely mimic that used at the Bristol Dirt Nationals. More information will be updated at www.duelinthedesert.com and Duel in the Desert social media.
 
Taking place on consecutive Saturdays, March 2 and March 9, 2024, this combination event of mountain biking and gravel racing promises an unparalleled celebration of cycling prowess, camaraderie, and the breathtaking Arizona landscape in and around the magnificent McDowell Mountain Regional Park.
 
The Second Annual Belgian Waffle Ride Arizona is a unique desert and mountain gravel experience known at the Hell of the North Desert. The Arizona event is the kick-off to the largest gravel series in the world, the Belgian Waffle Ride Series, as well as the Tripel Crown of Gravel. The BWR AZ, which will take place in Cave Creek, Arizona, on the fringes of the Valley of the Sun, embodies the three ingredients that make the BWR so special. 1) A dream destination, 2) varied terrain to accommodate an extremely dynamic racecourse, and 3) a cycling community that is both vibrant and desirous of the unroad experience only the BWR can offer. There are three different events gravelleurs can compete in at the BWR. The shortest is the Wanna Ride at approximately 36-miles, the Wafer at 72-miles (for the Duel in the Desert), and the full Waffle at roughly 120-miles.

The Duel in the Desert marks the beginning of the cycling season with combined mountain and gravel bike racing set against the stunning backdrop of saguaros. Both events cater to the entire family, creating an unforgettable weekend for cycling enthusiasts
 
The Duel in the Desert will crown the fastest cyclists based on the combined time of both events. Only 1st place will be awarded King/Queen in each category based on Cactus Cup age groups. Participants on the Cactus Cup weekend can register for either the individual XC or the full cup Stage Race (day 2 is the 40-mile). OmniGo! Timing will be on hand to score both events.
 
Of course, that in itself raises a question. Why is it, do you suppose, that so few people who have been exposed to the victory to Jesus Christ go on to live less than victorious lives? Why is it that even though we claim to belong to Jesus Christ, we are bedeviled by the same problems, the same difficulties, the same weaknesses over and over again? Why is it that so many Christians are worn out, uptight, out of power, without vision, and unable to share their faith with others?
 
The same thing happens to us. Whenever we receive some fresh inspiration from God, whenever we draw close to God in Jesus Christ, we become the focus of temptation and testing by the forces of evil. In other words, our growth in the Christian faith will be marked not by a softening, but by an intensifying of our moral struggle. The devil is not looking for backsliding or lip-service Christians. No! His cause will be greater served if he can manage to bring down a person of deep Christian conviction.
 
Jesus was in the desert a long time. Forty days. The desert to which we refer here is a spot of land, 35 miles by 15 miles, which runs from the high plateau of Jerusalem down to the Dead Sea. It is a barren, arid place where the sand is burning hot, where there is no shade, and where the jackals and other wild beasts roam. It is a fearsome, desolate, God-forsaken place. Jesus was there without food and without the encouragement of another person, and He became painfully hungry. Now Jesus had come into the desert with the realization that one of the great needs of humanity was the need for food. He had seen all too often the hungering masses in the villages of Palestine. And the ache that He felt in His heart for them was now antagonized by His own pangs of hunger.
 
Of course, Jesus was profoundly concerned about the physical needs of people. Wherever He went, the sick were healed, the blind received sight, the lepers were cleansed and the lame were able to walk and leap and run. And wherever Jesus is at work today among His people, His Church, the same things happen. But Jesus also knew that there is a hunger deep within us all which no amount of physical healing, physical feeding, physical sustenance will ever satisfy. It is the hunger deep within us to know the reasons for which we were created, to experience the friendships for which we were destined, to understand the grand purpose for which we were brought to life in this period of history, and to glimpse something of what the future holds for us. You see, we belong to Jesus. We were made for fellowship with Him and there will always be within us a hunger for Him which nothing we can taste or see or touch or possess will ever be able to remove. Yet the temptation to relieve that hunger with physical things is always before us.
 
Write this on your heart. The kingdom of God is not a political kingdom. The kingdom of God will not be brought to this earth by the workings of politicians. I ask you to notice, please, that politics has us at this moment tottering on the edge of disaster. The kingdom of God is a spiritual kingdom. The kingdom of God will be brought not by good deeds through the power of social action. The kingdom of God will be brought to this earth by prayer and by the power of Almighty God. Great answers to the problems of this world will not be found in the political forums of this earth. The only answer will be found on our knees. And until we as a church learn that, we will never be the church God means for us to be. Jesus faced those temptations and He won.
 
Jeeping is also mildly entertaining for locals, up until the moment someone rolls up the hill in a car that looks like it has very little business being there. Then it becomes wonderfully fascinating for everyone.
 
As we began to climb, the tourists in Hummers peered over their canopied seats to witness firsthand something they may watch again later on YouTube. Jacked-up Suzukis and Wranglers pulled to the side to let us pass as their drivers looked on in disbelief. Wonderful.
 
The 2015 Jeep Cherokee, for all its grumblings and detractors, has mostly wriggled its way into the American consciousness, helping Jeep sell more cars last month than ever before (many of them were Wranglers) and finding traction in suburban parking lots all over the U.S.
 
Through two days and a couple hundred miles of more punishment than any vehicle should be asked to handle, the Jeep Cherokee Trailhawk soaked up horrendous heat and pounds of dust to deliver us from one postcard setting to another. With the A/C blasting, ventilated seats prohibiting pervasive, smelly man-ass from staining the cabin (and our souls) and satellite radio piping in Ed Lover, I quickly discovered this is how every explorer should traverse the desert from now on.
 
After two days and 14 hours of hard banging, scraping and scrambling up slick rock, we exited the trails and passed a supreme Wrangler Unlimited with an LS3 swap up front, a child seat in the rear and out-of-state plates. The woman driving, who looked to be in her late 50s, stared at our train of foreign journalists driving roughly 20 Cherokees down the red rock like a Labrador retriever stares a ceiling fan.
 
It seems some here don't understand--or don't WANT to understand--what the new Cherokee has done for Jeep. It hasn't cannibalized sales of other models, it has become a viable model of its own that is, despite most arguments, capable as a 4x4, even if it doesn't have solid axles. It's certainly no worse than its closest competition, the Rovers, at roughly half the price.
 
And how are those chunky AT tires on the road, where the women who buy these will spend 97% of their time?The red tow hooks need to go, if I had to get a Trailhawk trim, I'd repaint them to match body color.And $40,000 is hella expensive for something this small.And most of these will NOT be sold with V6 anyway, come on!
 
They're fine. Profile of tires makes driving in Northeast a pleasure after our winter the roads resemble lunar landscapes.It's a shocking competent on-roader, and a better handler than any truck based vehicle out there...
 
*Against the Odds* magazine investigates military history from a broad perspective. The economic, political, religious and social aspects of warfare are examined in concert with events on the battlefield.
 
**Desert Duel**, by designer Mike Rinella, looks at the first battle of Alamein in 1942, where modern armies fought each other and the desert in a desperate effort to breakthrough to or defend the path to the Nile. This is not the Monty vs. Rommel El Alamein battle most people think of but an earlier action, July 1 to July 27, 1942. Each turn represents three days of combat, and each hex is about four miles across.
 
Ian Warner is one of my oldest friends. We first met in 1970 when my family moved next door to his house in Malibu Colony. Even as a child he was radical. At age six, I watched him run through a large, sliding glass door. Although it exploded and showered Ian with broken glass, he walked away without a scratch.
 
When I bought a new, four-wheel drive truck in California in 1996, I decided to go down to Rattlesnakes one last time. Gringos were now buying up the point, building houses, and the end of an era was near. I was supposed to take a friend from the North Shore, but he was a bit high strung and prone to 