
 
The film is not a prequel or sequel to either *Street Fighter II: The Animated Movie* or *Street Fighter II V*, but an independent installment, although several voice actors from previous adaptations reprised their roles for the English version of the movie.
 
Ryu is contemplating the death of his sensei, Gouken, and struggling with the "Dark Hadou", an evil energy which Gouken's brother, Akuma, succumbed to. While in the city, Ryu fights off agents of Shadaloo, gaining the attention of Interpol agent Chun-Li and aspiring martial artist Sakura, who becomes his fan and vows to track him down and become his student.
 
**Download … [https://amreamate.blogspot.com/?d=2A0SSx](https://amreamate.blogspot.com/?d=2A0SSx)**


 
In Japan, a mysterious fortune-teller, Rose, confronts Ryu and questions him about his hold over the Dark Hadou and reason for fighting. While visiting Gouken's grave, Ryu meets his old friend, Ken Masters, and they are approached by Shun, a young boy who claims he is Ryu's long-lost brother. According to Shun, their mother raised him in Brazil and sent him to find Ryu before she died. Ken is skeptical, but Ryu takes Shun in and notices his potential as a fighter. One night, Ryu succumbs to the Dark Hadou and nearly kills Ken. He instructs Ken to kill him if he is ever completely possessed by the Dark Hadou, which Ken agrees to.
 
Ken and Shun enter an underground fighting tournament; while on the way there, they are harassed by street thugs. Ryu and Shun fight them off, but Ryu notices a sadistic streak in Shun, whom he has to punch to stop from killing one of the thugs. Meanwhile, Ken finds Sakura in a local bar and agrees to take her to Ryu, but is too late to enter the tournament as Ryu is found by Chun-Li. In the tournament, which is watched over by its enigmatic organizer, Dr. Sadler, Shun is pitted against wrestler Zangief. Shun pummels Zangief with his superior speed, but the Dark Hadou catches up with him, distracting him long enough for Zangief to attack him. Ryu steps in and fights Zangief, but is also overcome by the Dark Hadou and fires a Dark Hadouken which misses Zangief and causes the building to collapse. As Ken takes an injured Sakura to safety, Ryu is confronted by Rosanov and Shun is injured defending him. Enraged, Ryu obliterates Rosanov with another Dark Hadouken. While Ryu is distracted, Shun is abducted by Shadaloo agents.
 
As Ryu loses the will to fight, Rose appears before him and encourages him to save Shun. Accompanied by Chun-Li, Ryu first visits Akuma at his remote home in the mountains. Akuma, believing that Ryu has come to challenge him, attempts to goad him into succumbing to the Dark Hadou. Ryu refuses, and Akuma orders him to leave. Ryu asks Akuma if he is Shun's father or has any family, which he denies. Ryu then travels to Sadler's hideout to rescue Shun, accompanied by Ken, Chun-Li, Guy, Dan, Dhalsim, Birdie, Adon, Rolento and Sodom.
 
As the other fighters battle outside Sadler's lab, Ryu, Ken and Chun-Li sneak inside to find Shun and are confronted by Rosanov, who has been upgraded to a fighting machine. Ryu arrives and realizes that Rosanov is actually an android with Shun inside, who is working for Sadler. Shun goads Ryu into using a Dark Hadouken, since he is connected to Sadler and attacking him will increase Sadler's fighting potential through absorption. The Dark Hadouken frees Shun and destroys Rosanov. With this sudden increase in power, Sadler bursts out of his lab and attacks Ryu. Rose intervenes, informing Ryu in a vision that "you haven't drawn the death card yet". Inspired, Ryu fires a normal Shinku Hadouken directly into Sadler, who crumbles into dust.
 
As Shun succumbs to his injuries, he reveals that he lied to Ryu about being his brother and worked with Sadler to raise money for his mother, who had died. Ryu tells Shun that he is still his brother and vows never to use the Dark Hadou again as the fighters return to their everyday lives.
 
The movie begins with the martial artist Ryu contemplating the death of his master, Gouken. As he is thinking about this, a shootout is taking place nearby. Chun-Li, an agent of Interpol, is engaged in combat with several thugs from the Shadaloo organization. The situation takes a turn for the worse when a small boy is taken hostage by one of the thugs. It is at that point that Ryu jumps in, rescues the boy, and uses his special techniques on the criminals. Both Chun-Li and Sakura, an energetic high school girl, are in awe of his skill.

Ryu returns to Gouken's grave to pay his respects, when he suddenly has a strange vision, in which Rose tells him that he must grow stronger in order to control the darkness. This vision is interrupted, however, when Ryu encounters his old friend and training partner, Ken. As they place flowers on the tomb and Ken leaves to get some water for them, Ryu is suddenly overcome by the power of the*Satsui no Hado*, while images of the warrior Akuma flash through his mind. Ken rushes back up to Ryu when he witnesses a large release of energy from his general area. He sees Ryu lying on the ground, and a young boy standing near him.
 
The boy reveals himself to be Shun, Ryu's little brother, though both Ryu and Ken have their doubts. Shun pulls a picture out of his pocket, giving Ryu the very first picture he has ever seen of his mother and with him as a child beside her. Regardless, they let him train and live with them for a while. One night, though, the *Satsui no Hadou* swells within him again. After Ken calms him down, Ryu tells him to kill him if the power ever completely overtakes him. Later, a new *Street Fighter* tournament is announced. Ken and Shun are both prepared to enter, but Ryu decides it best that he stay out, for fear of the *Satsui no Hado* within him.
 
As they seek out the location of the tournament, Ryu and Shun are attacked by a few rowdy street thugs. Shun displays his skill by beating the thugs senseless, but then he begins to take it overboard, almost strangling one to death, until Ryu tells him to stop. They're located by Chun-Li, who requests Ryu's help in tracking down Shadowlaw. As they enter the tournament building, they witness a rather bloody battle between Dan and Vega.
 
Meanwhile, Ken runs into Sakura, who's being attacked by drunks in a bar. Ken promptly takes them out, and when Sakura asks if he knows Ryu, he takes her to the place where he left the brothers, only to find that they aren't there. They proceed into the tournament building, but Ken discovers that it's too late to sign up. Instead, he decides to go witness the fight already occurring.
 
At this point, Shun is fighting the burly Russian wrestler, Zangief. Shun holds his own for a while, displaying the same raw brutality that he did in the previous fight. However, when Ryu starts to see that Shun is in trouble, he intervenes in the fight. At that point, the *Satsui No Hado* begins to corrupt his mind once again. Ryu fires off a *Hadoken* which just barely misses Zangief, but causes the building to collapse. Zangief falls through the crumbling floor. Dr. Sadler, the sponsor of the tournament, is impressed by Ryu's power. As Ryu asks Shun where he learned the power of the *Satsui no Hadou*, they are approached by a gigantic cyborg of Dr. Sadler's, who attacks Ryu. Chun-Li jumps into the fight, but neither of them have much success against the beast, and just as it's about to blast Ryu into an unconscious state, Shun gets in the way and takes the shot for him. The *Satsui no Hadou* overtakes Ryu again, and he incinerates the cyborg with a *Shinku Hadoken*. Shun is then carried away by Shadoloo agents in a helicopter. Ken carries Sakura, who now has a broken leg, to the hospital.At this point, Ryu has completely lost the will to fight, even allowing a few street thugs, who he typically would have taken care of in a matter of seconds, to beat him to a pulp. Ken visits Sakura in the hospital, telling her only to continue fighting if she's really serious about it, because it's also a road to pain. Ryu has another vision with Rose, who tells him to save Shun from both Dr. Sadler and from himself. Ryu eventually decides that he's going to rescue Shun, but first, he has to see somebody.
 
Ryu and Chun-Li venture out to a wheat field filled with what look like wooden tombs. Akuma's voice can be heard, and he recognizes Ryu as a student of Gouken. It is apparent that Ryu has come here to test his self-control over the *Satsui no Hadou*. He then asks Akuma if he has a son, referring to Shun. Akuma wanders off, telling him that where he goes, he goes alone.
 
Ryu is later confronted by Ken, who wants to remind him that he can be strong without resorting to murder. They engage each other in a short but brutal fight which ends in a perfect draw. As they both lie on the ground, breathing heavily, Ryu once again asks Ken to kill him if the *Satsui no Hadou* completely consumes him. Ken reluctantly agrees through a silent nod.
 
Ryu, Ken, and Chun-Li decide to fly out to Sadler's laboratory, traveling along with Birdie, Adon, Guy, Rolento, Dhalsim, and (a heavily plastered) Dan. Upon their landing, they also run into the Japanese wannabe Sodom.The various fighters duke it out in Sadler's arena, while Ryu, Ken, and Chun-Li investigate. Birdie, being the first winner, is led to a room by Sadler's men, gassed and imprisoned. Later, he's freed by Ken and Chun-Li. Ryu wanders off and finds a garden filled with children in white robes. Ryu sees a boy that looks like Shun but has freckles and blue eyes, and as the boy stares soullessly at Ryu he suddenly crumbles to the ground and starts convulsing, apologizing to Sadler.
 
As Ken and Chun-Li carry away Birdie, they are attacked by what seems to be the same cyborg that Ryu destroyed during the earlier tournament. It makes quick work of Birdie, and Ken tells Chun-Li to leave with him while he stays behind and fight