Early in my career, I was exposed to a great example of servant leadership in the fire service. Many captains I worked with would stay in the office doing paperwork while the rest of the crew cleaned the living quarters, washed the apparatus and performed the other menial work that comes with non-emergency tasks at the firehouse.
 
**Leader-Leader:** This type of leader is one that enjoys being in charge. They live to lead and to make sure that others know it. King Saul was a Leader-Leader. He liked his title more than he liked the people he served. Leader-Leaders are everywhere. They seek positions and desire to be on top and first. They are marked with pride, control and arrogance. Unfortunately, the western culture breeds this kind of leader, even within the Church. They lead so that people will follow them. It is a top-down leadership style that puts people in their place. Their primary job is to amass personal accomplishments, and make sure no one climbs higher than them. King Saul did whatever possible to keep David from power. White-knuckled leaders grasp their position with everything they have.
 
**DOWNLOAD ☑ [https://amreamate.blogspot.com/?d=2A0SSB](https://amreamate.blogspot.com/?d=2A0SSB)**


 
**Servant-Leader:**This type of leader desires to be a servant, but is not willing to let go of the title of leader. A Servant-Leader is actually an oxymoron. Jesus expects us to take the low position of a servant, not the high position of a leader. Jesus taught on being last and being a servant. Nowhere did he talk about being a Servant-Leader. It is a modern, man-made term that allows leaders to think they can have best of both worlds. A Servant-Leader is one who is willing to be a servant, but does not want to be treated like a servant. Peter was a Servant-Leader. He desired to follow Christ and be a disciple, but when others identified him as a follower, he denied Jesus. He loved power. Being an out-front-leader was easy for Peter, but being a broken, surrendered follower of Christ was not part of the plan. He changed after Pentecost and realized that being a Servant-Leader was not the answer.
 
My interpretation of the Servant Mysteries, at least initially, is the revelation of Christ the Servant in Scripture, Tradition and the magisterium. In these sources, we find the witness of Our Lord to his own servanthood as it relates to his mission and the mission of the Church. Consequently, deacons can find something of their own identity and mission in this revelation. In this respect, I saw these mysteries as static examples, illustrations of a sort, carved in stone to be used as guiding principles for the diaconate. On one level, this made sense because it grounded the diaconate in Christ the Servant. On another level, Christ is hardly static, and so I knew, intuitively, there had to be more.
 
Here, the good and faithful servant meets his Master in those he serves. This now becomes a divine encounter, an encounter between the servant, the ones being served, those who witness the service and, above all, God himself. In this way, the deacon fulfills his unique contribution to the mission of the Church and, in doing so, leads souls to their eternal destiny.
 
DEACON DOMINIC CERRATO, Ph.D., is editor of The Deacon and director of diaconal formation for the Diocese of Joliet, Illinois. He is the founder of Diaconal Ministries, where he gives national presentations and retreats to deacons and diaconal candidates. Follow him on Facebook to continue the conversation.
 
Mentoring is not servant leadership! Mentoring focuses on personal achievement, and how the mentee can better perform their specific job responsibilities. Mentoring focuses on individual success and advancement, and not the advancement of the team as a whole. The KLT principal does not have as much importance, if at all, in the mentor-mentee relationship.
 
The attorney servant leader cannot forget that the client is a part of the team. This notion is equally important for the sole practitioner. Each of the ten characteristics are of paramount importance to the attorney-client relationship. The relationship between attorney and client is built on the KLT pillar.

The fundamental premise of servant leadership is that the leader strives to develop a culture that leads the people who work with the leader to be in a better place. There must be in place a need to build trust and camaraderie, and the servant leader must use the 10 characteristics to navigate many personalities and agendas to build strong and effective teams. The result of effective leadership using these traits is a healthier firm culture with a loyal and receptive staff, and ultimately, greater productivity.
 
**Alan Klevan**is the principal of The Law Offices of Alan J. Klevan, P.C. in Framingham, MA. He is also the owner of Summit Law Practice Solutions, a legal consulting firm focused on assisting solo practitioners and small law firms.
 
LinkedIn and 3rd parties use essential and non-essential cookies to provide, secure, analyze and improve our Services, and to show you relevant ads (including **professional and job ads**) on and off LinkedIn. Learn more in our Cookie Policy.
 
Because those in leadership positions move on, an organization can only prosper when the philosophy of servant leadership is firmly based in the organizational culture. Top companies are companies where leadership takes precedence over management - servant leadership. For me, while a skilled manager is good, being an inspired leader filled with positive intention, good ideas, and the ability to manifest is better yet.
 
**Raise others up**. Not only did Jesus lay himself down to raise us up, but he dignified everyone around him. Sacrificial leadership does the same. A sacrificial leader goes out of her way to lift up the downtrodden and promote other leaders, even at the cost of her own comfort or platform.
 
**Learn from the people you lead.** When I asked my Twitter followers for examples of Christ-like leadership, one woman described her pastor, who regularly sits under the teaching of other staff, simply to learn from them. What a great example! This practice not only enriches and humbles the leader, but it affirms and dignifies the team as well.
 
Jesus, being in very nature God, did not count equality with God a thing to be grasped, but humbled himself and took the form of a servant (Philippians 2). For Christian leaders, this is the answer to our pride, and the shape of our call.
 
Sharon Hodde Miller is a writer, speaker, pastor's wife, and mom of two boys. In addition to recently completing her Ph.D, her first book will be released later this year with Baker Books, and she blogs at SheWorships.com. You can connect with Sharon on Twitter.
 
Here I am sitting in my hotel room while looking at my half-empty wine glass and the stars outside while preparing for my last Professional Scrum Master (PSM) class for the year 2017 and pondering about all of the classes I have facilitated over this year. PSM has been a transformational course for me because it has changed me by seeing how it has changed the life of many of my students.
 
Starting from the end of 2017, Scrum.org has put more emphasise on servant-leadership for Scrum Masters. After all the Scrum Guide explained that the Scrum Master is the servant leader of the Scrum team and the organisation she belongs.
 
The difference between servant leader and other types of leader, servant leader is a servant first than a leader first. Being a servant leader means you are committed to putting your personal interest last. In other words, servant leadership is a commitment to humility. Being a servant leader is not about your success but it is about the success of those you are serving. You are not the center of the attention, the people whom you are serving should be the center of the attention.
 
We are currently living in the world where people like to brag about their success on social media, servant leadership is not about bragging your personal success. If you brag about your success or your capability as a Scrum Master or about the project you delivered successfully using Scrum, I am sorry to say that is not servant-leadership. None of that success belongs to you, it belongs to those you are serving and you have no rights to claim it as yours and brag about it.
 
I often get questions about the career path of a Scrum Master in a company from others, it seems they're concerned as a Scrum Master they will stay in the same position for the rest of their life. The growth of a Scrum Master should not be seen by her rank in the organisation chart but by the impact of her service. While there are many leaders in the company who fight their way up in the organisation ladder, I am sorry to say but servant leadership is not about fighting your way up in the organisation chart. By keeping this in mind you will be laser-focused to serve others and stay away from corporate politics, stay neutral and unbiased. It takes great humility to put yourself last to make a way for others to be successful.
 
A servant-leader is the kind of leader who is proactive to get to the heart of the problem so that she can make other people awesome rather than making conclusions based on what she sees. By focusing on the greatness of others, we will be less judgmental towards others and we will make others feel safe being around us. A servant leader focuses on creating an environment where people can thrive and become the best version of themselves rather than an environment where people become defensive and have low self-esteem.
 
We have lived under the beliefs where the workplace is the place about work only and outside of that system is where we can be fully human. Many companies promote the concept of work-life balance because they believe workplace is about work and outside of that system is about life. You don't have a life in the